Update Articles (#72)
num42/n42-web-middleman: source/blog/articles/2018-05-22-rbenv/2018-05-22-rbenv.html.md

> In the series "Better iOS projects", we have a look at the various tools and environments that are useful to have a more convenient and efficient handling of iOS Projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the series "Better iOS projects", we have a look at the various tools and environments that are useful to have a more convenient and efficient handling of iOS projects.
```

## Updates

> - 24. February 2021: Checked for validity, updated the versions used, minor text changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 24. February 2021: Checked for validity, updated the versions used and minor text changes.
```

## Special Note

> You should not have to use root user permissions via _sudo_ for any of the installs that follow. If you seem to need to, you most likely already had a permission problem before or you did not install and setup _rbenv_ correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not necessary to use root user permissions via _sudo_ for any of the installations that follow. If at any point it seems so, it will be most likely due to an external permission issue or because the installation and setup of _rbenv_ have not been done properly.
```

## Install a custom ruby and create the .ruby-version file

> Start by installing a current version. At the time this post was last updated (February 2021) we recommend using 2.7.2 until all the dependencies are updated to support the most current version (3.0.0):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by installing the current version. At the last time this post was updated (February 2021) we recommend to install the version 2.7.2, until all its dependencies are updated to support the most current version (3.0.0):
```

Enter your iOS project directory and run

```bash
rbenv local 2.7.2
```

> to create a _.ruby-version_ file with the content `2.7.2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to create a `.ruby-version` file with the content `2.7.2`.
```

```bash
# List of gems used in this project
gem "cocoapods", "~> 1.10.1"
```

> When updating gems (or adding them to the project), the exact version of the gem that __will__ be installed is written to a file named _Gemfile.lock_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating gems (or adding them to the project), the exact version of the gem that __will__ be installed is written to a file named `Gemfile.lock`.
```
